1. Document Object:
    The document object represents a web page that is loaded in the browser. 
    By accessing the document object, we can access the element in the HTML page. 
    With the help of document objects, we can add dynamic content to our web page. T
    he document object can be accessed with a window.document or just document.

 Syntax:document.property_name;

 The properties of document objects that are commonly used are listed in the below table:

    domain: It returns the domain name of the document server.
    doctype: It returns the document’s doctype.
    embeds: It returns the collection of all embedded elements.
    URL: It returns the complete URL of the document.
    forms: It returns all the elements of the form.
    fullScreenElement: It returns the element that is currently present in full-screen mode.
    title: It returns the title element of the document.
    head: It returns the head element of the document.

2. Window Objects:
    The window object is the topmost object of the DOM hierarchy. 
    It represents a browser window or frame that displays the contents of the webpage. 
    Whenever a window appears on the screen to display the contents of the document, the window object is created. 

 Syntax: window.property_name;

 The properties of Window objects that are commonly used are listed in the below table:

    History: It provides information on the URLs visited in the current window.
    Length: It represents the number of frames in the current window.
    DOMRect: It returns a reference to a DOMRect object, which represents a rectangle.
    fullScreen: This property indicates whether the window is displayed on full screen or not.
    Location: It contains the URL of the current window.
    innerHeight: It is used to get the height of the content area of the browser window.
    innerWidth: It is used to get the width of the content area of the browser window.
    Name: It contains the name of the referenced window.
    Window: It returns the current window or frame.
    Navigator: It returns a reference to the navigator object.
    outerHeight: It will get the height of the outside of the browser window.
    outerWidth: It will get the width of the outside of the browser window.
    Status: It overrides the default status and places a message in the status bar.
    Top: It returns a reference to the topmost window containing a frame if many windows are opened.
    Toolbar: It will result in the toolbar object, whose visibility can be toggled in the window